+++
date = '2020-03-12T00:00:00+00:00'
draft = true
title = 'UK SEDS National Student Space Conference'
+++

On Saturday the 7th March, some dedicated members of our group embarked on their intrepid journey into the depths of Birmingham University for the National Student Space Conference. Because keen is their apparent collective middle name, they were up at 4:30 in the morning to get their 6am train. Despite such an early awakening two of the five managed to miss the train whilst the others had to sprint across York to get the bus. After they had their early morning athletic ability challenged they had a riveting day ahead of them, of endless talks and panels - the kind of thing that only true nerds would enjoy! So naturally, our group loved it - no surprises there! I got one of the boys to leave me a note on what the talks were about, but for those of you who don't know - or somehow missed the very very subtle hints - I am not a scientist so please don't get too upset because I am probably horrifically butchering the cool science content of these talks!

So, first of all, they listened to Airbus talk about black hole observation and soft robotics or something. I am assuming soft robotics doesn't mean they are designing robots that have squishy limbs but I really hope that is what that means! They then had a lovely little break - it's alright for some isn't it! But to be fair, they were working a little trying to 'Network' by talking to startups like D-Orbit and established firms like Airbus and STFC. They also managed to sniff out some possible future investors in our SAC project, so I guess it was worth trekking all the way to Brum after all! After their hard networking break, they had a lunar panel talking about things like lunar gates and possible colonisation of the moon. I have to admit, as a history student, when I hear the word colonisation I do cringe a little but I am sure it's not that kind of colonisation so it will be finneeee, right?... right? After their free lunch, they had a keynote from Kathryn Sullivan, the first American woman to spacewalk and the spacewalker of the original Hubble mission, sts-31. They then heard about the mars sample recovery mission, then a talk about women in space before they ended the day with some classy squash, wine, cheese and chatting.

Phew, managed to get all that down in the end! Making a long story short though, they seemed to have a very intellectual and productive day so we need to thank both the PhysSoc Committee for purchasing the tickets and WRIPA for funding the travel.

TLDR: 5 of our members went to Brum, spoke to some people, got some cheese, thanks PhysSoc and WRIPA for giving them the opportunity to eat said free cheese.